1. What do you mean by cells in an excel sheet?
Ans: These are of recatangular shaped grouped as a spreadsheet which is formed by the interaction of rows and columns. These holds a particular address wherein we store the data like numbers, texts, symbols etc 

2. How can you restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet?
Ans: Go to the Review section and select protect sheet.
     Give a password under "Password to unprotect sheet". By default a check box is selected called " Protect Worksheet and Contents of Locked Cells".
     And also, a few check boxes were selected by default under the "Allow All Users of This Worksheet To". Review these and select as per your requirement.
     Now click on ok.

3. How to move or copy the worksheet into another workbook?
Ans: Right click on the tab whwere you can find an option called Move or copy.
     If you want to move it to new work book the select new book under "To book". You can checkbox "Make a copy" if this worksheet is moving as a copy to new work book.
     If it needs to be copy to the new sheet then select the present book name and select an option in "Before sheet" to move before a particular dheet or can be plaed at the end. 
     Also can create a copy. Re-enter the password and click again on ok.
     Now if you try to edit, excel displays an error message. 

4. Which key is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document?
Ans: Ctrl + N 


5. What are the things that we can notice after opening the Excel interface?
Ans:  We can see the Quick Access toolbar for saving, undo, redo;
                     Ribbon(Home tab by default)- Home,Insert, Page layout,Formulas, Data, Review, View
                     Blank spreadsheet. 
                     Different sheet tabs(if any)
                     Zoomin , aoom-out
                     Max, Min , Close


6. When to use a relative cell reference in excel?
Ans: When we need to perform same calculation or certain operations across the column we use cel reference.
For example: We have row A and B of 100 rows each. Now we need to find the sum of A and B in C i.e C1=A1+B1 to C100 = A100+B100.
             Now if we enter the cell reference in C1 and dragged it to the bottom, excel understands that we need to perform sum operation across C column and copies same SUM operation but changes the cell values accordingly.